(D
(Dyn
(Dynam
(Dynamic
(Dynamic m
(Dynamic mus
(Dynamic music
(Dynamic music)
(Dynamic music) I
(Dynamic music) I ne
(Dynamic music) I need
(Dynamic music) I need m
(Dynamic music) I need mor
(Dynamic music) I need more
(Dynamic music) I need more dr
(Dynamic music)
I need more drag
(Dynamic music) I
need more dragon
need more dragon r
(Dynamic music) I
need more dragon rid
need more dragon rider
(Dynamic music) I need
more dragon riders.
You understand to claim a dragon
you must also be
prepared to die.
(Dragon screeches)
(Flames raging)
♪
It was a reckless thought that
an ancicent Valyrian beast
would suffer a
Darklyn to ride it.
Surely he was not
the only possibility.
Aemond: I must see my brother.
What do you remember?
(Aegon groaning)
I remember nothing.
♪
(People clamoring)
The smallfolk of King's
Landing are listening.
They are hungry.
Our gift is sent.
♪
(People shouting)
Give it to me!
Your Graces. we must leave.
(People shouting)
It's the Queen of Fishes!
Man: Long Live Queen Rhaenyra!
♪
If you have any council for
dealing with the River Lords
I'd be glad of it.
Grover Tully is
their Lord Paramount.
Without him they will never
raise their banners as one.
♪
This is Oscar Tully. grandson
to Grover Tully. he is heir to
Riverrun and the future Lord
Paramount of the Riverlands.
Houses Bracken and Blackwood
have long-detested one-another.
(Dragon screeches)
We have fought them
for an age and more.
There are things the crown
itself must not be seen to do.
Show them your worst.
I am your servant. Your Grace.
♪
Man: There were
works of barbarity.
Dragon or no. we shall not
raise our banners for a tyrant.
Your Grace. Lord Grover is dead.
Young Oscar Tully is now Lord
Paramount of the Riverlands.
When I take King's Landing
Rhaenyra is welcome
to join me there and take
her place by my side.
(Dynamic music)
There is a large
dragon in the Vale.
Large. but alas. wild.
You saved his life. brother.
Do you never think about
what could be ours.
(Seasmoke screeching)
♪
Your Grace.
the dragon Seasmoke has been
seen flying over Spice Town.
From what we have
heard he has a rider.
♪
(Syrax roars)
(epic theme playing)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪
(theme fades out)
(Syrax roars)
(Seasmoke roars)
(dragons grumbling. calling)
(shouts) You stand before the
Queen of the Seven Kingdoms...
with a dragon of
House Targaryen!
(shouts) I had no
design upon it!
What do you want?!
Addam of Hull: To learn
the ways of dragonriders.
And to serve my queen!
Your Grace!
(dragons grumbling)
(dragons howling)
(Seasmoke roars)
You kneel quickly...
for a man so suddenly elevated.
This dragon came to
me. not I to him.
(Seasmoke howls)
I have sweated blood in
service of House Velaryon.
I may appear lowborn...
but I know much and
more of service!
And if the gods call
me to greater things.
who am I to refuse them?
Stand.
What is your parentage?
My mother was a shipwright.
My father is...
no one of consequence.
Your ancestors. any
of House Targaryen?
We're not the sort of family
to keep annals. Your Grace.
What is your name?
Addam... of Hull.
(Seasmoke grumbling)
You have done something...
I feared impossible...
Addam of Hull.
I am glad of it.
(light music playing)
Do you think you can
get him to Dragonstone?
I can try.
(music fades out)
Alicent Hightower:
All my life...
I have endeavored to serve
both my house and the realm.
And somehow none of it matters.
We are cast aside.
Or hated.
You'll have a scar...
but... (inhales) it
will be easily hidden.
(nearby scritching)
Nothing is clean here.
(rat squeaking)
(distant chatter)
I wish to go out. Ser Rickard.
Rickard Thorne: Out?
To the Kingswood. I think.
Then I'll have the
stewards prepare
- a retinue.
- No retinue.
- Then your handmaidens...
- No handmaidens.
- (birds chirping)
- Just you.
(indistinct chatter)
Jasper "Ironrod" Wylde: What are
they for? The block or the crow cage?
Larys Strong: The Wall.
The prince regent is merciful.
Hm.
Well. they started a riot.
Justice is served. I suppose.
(horse neighs)
I have received word of a
matter of great importance.
Rumor of a sighting of
the dragon Seasmoke...
with a rider.
A fine piece of intelligence.
and now you seek favor by
delivering it to Prince Aemond.
Actually. I thought I might
seek your advice. Lord Larys.
Whispers being your province.
Guard: Kneel before the Prince
Regent Aemond Targaryen!
Oh. but this is your whisper.
Lord Jasper. not mine.
But if you consider
it valuable...
perhaps you could deliver it
and find favor with
Aemond yourself.
Aemond Targaryen: You will forsake
your white cloaks for black.
Serve out your days at The Wall.
Larys: Who is this rider?
Ironrod: That is less clear.
but it must surely
be the Lady Rhaena.
She has wanted for a
dragon all her life.
Indeed. but she tried already
when she was four and ten.
The beast Seasmoke very
nearly devoured her.
Who else?
Yes. it is a shallow pool.
Where did you hear it?
My squire.
He heard it from a stablehand.
who heard it from his
father. a fisherman.
whose shipmate claims he saw it.
Oh.
You are. of course.
welcome to bring this news
to the prince regent. but. um...
perhaps this is one of those
whispers best left to the wind.
(prisoners struggling)
(Ironrod clears throat)
- (tense music playing)
- (horse neighs)
(dragons calling)
♪
(music fades out)
The queen is unharmed.
Corlys Velaryon: What of the
rider? Do we know who he is?
He appears to be a shipwright
in your employ. Lord Hand.
Bartimos Celtigar: A commoner?
With respect to your
workers. Lord Corlys.
the lowborn cannot go
around seizing dragons.
Has the thief been secured?
Her Grace has commanded that
he remain here as a guest.
She wishes him to be instructed
in the art of dragonriding.
and that I should teach
him some High Valyrian.
Bartimos: We know
nothing about this man.
save that he is lowborn.
What say you. Lord Hand?
We will await the
queen's accounting...
- before passing judgment.
- (Bartimos sighs)
Where is the queen?
Her Grace sends word she
will not be attending.
Mysaria: So he serves
you and not himself.
- That is lucky.
- Lucky?
Or somehow ordained?
Seasmoke chose him.
He surely has Targaryen
blood in him somewhere.
The dragon must sense it.
There will be others.
We will find riders
for Vermithor and Silverwing.
You trust this man?
What choice do I have?
He has a dragon.
Without him. I have only Syrax
who may give Aemond
a second thought.
The question is where to look.
Targaryen blood was perhaps too
thin in Ser Steffon Darklyn.
If I can find others
with a more direct line
- of breeding.
- (Mysaria chuckles)
Forgive me. Your Grace...
but you are better served looking
under the sheets and in the woodpiles.
I once worked in
a pleasure house
where generations of Targaryen
princelings had their revels.
There are four score of their
bastard progeny at least.
that are known to me.
There are sure to be more.
Perhaps some here.
on Dragonstone.
the misbegotten
offspring of your house.
You speak of the lowborn.
They are as like to serve you
as highborn lords or
ladies. perhaps more.
But in the highborn
houses there is...
(inhales) an ancient fealty.
There is honor.
Your royal half-brothers.
Aegon and Aemond.
whose blood is pure. who wage
war against you for your throne.
are they bound by honor?
A common shipwright
vows to serve you
while your brothers
seek to destroy you.
The order of things has
changed. Your Grace.
Why not embrace it?
For 20 years. the lords
of this realm levied...
insults at my sons
behind my back.
Well then.
Let us raise an
army of bastards.
- My lord.
- Corlys: "My lord"?
How you have come
up in the world.
I wish to ask for leave
to relinquish my part
as a shipwright in your service.
There are good men and strong
who can take my place...
Your leave is granted.
Well done.
(intense music playing)
(horses neigh)
♪
(knocks on door)
Simon Strong: Lord Tully has
answered your summons and brought
the Riverlords. my king.
Daemon Targaryen: My condolences
on the passing of your grandsire
but the crown congratulates you on your
ascension to the head of your house
and Lord Paramount
in the Riverlands.
Truly glorious. Well done.
- I did nothing.
- Nevertheless. you are here. which is the important thing.
You were quick enough
to dismiss me before.
You were of no
significance to me then.
Now...
I shall have my great host.
You have a decision to make.
I presume it is clear to
you which is the right one.
Oscar Tully: You'll
forgive me. Your Grace.
I am green in this
sort of matter.
as you so kindly point
out. but... (inhales)
it does seem to me that you've
made rather a mess here.
countenancing barbarities
in the queen's name.
Whose side are you on?
(deep breath)
The Riverlands are
held together by oaths.
House Tully swore an
oath to King Viserys.
We recognize the authority
of the named heir.
Queen Rhaenyra
and your own... as
her king consort.
Good.
Then we shall go to
face your vassals
and you will call
your banners to war.
That might be
difficult. my king.
Well...
I was told they
would come to heel
when House Tully
declared its allegiance.
That may be the case.
though it is yet to be seen
that they will heed my authority
as young as it is.
And there is another problem.
They all hate you.
(quiet. tense music playing)
I don't need their love.
I need their swords.
(door opens)
Your Grace. my lord.
The Riverlords await.
I fear we cannot
delay them any longer.
Daemon: Come
along. Lord Oscar.
(music intensifies)
In the deepest darkness
comes the dawn.
A new lord.
a new beginning.
Let us put all the old
unpleasantness behind us.
Be welcome. my lords...
and you have my thanks
for answering my summons.
I know I'm not the
man my grandsire was.
but I hope to begin well.
and go on from there.
Daemon: Well said.
One thing is clear...
the Rivermen honor the old
ways and abide by tradition.
Here. then. is tradition.
Grover Tully is dead.
Lord Oscar raised
up in his place.
You have been summoned here
to swear anew your
fealty to him.
and as his bannermen.
answer his call.
And what would that call be?
In his wisdom. he has
pledged his house.
and yours. to me.
(Riverlords murmuring)
Lord Piper: Lord Oscar. for
generations we have been guided
by the judgment
of your forebears.
Why should we now follow a
boy. younger than my own sons.
when you will align with one
who will desecrate the
innocent to reach his aims?
(Riverlords murmuring)
I did only what was
necessary. my lord.
And I now deliver
to you the traitor
Amos Bracken and his son.
No more traitor to his land
than you. Willem Blackwood.
I take to heart your
words. Lord Piper.
and I agree. I-I-I am young.
(sighs)
And I have no love
for Daemon Targaryen.
He has dishonored himself
and the crown with his...
comportment here.
Nevertheless. having so
little experience to guide me.
my best course is to defer to
the oath my grandsire swore
to King Viserys when he
named Rhaenyra his heir.
I see no reason to
cast aside loyalty
no matter how loathsome I may find
her representative the prince.
King.
Mind your tongue. boy.
(Riverlords murmuring)
Will you have our army or not?
I am. in the end. a Riverman
and the word of my house stands.
even if certain people
are unworthy of it.
(wind blowing)
(sighs)
Your Lord Oscar is bold.
But he is perhaps not wrong.
I may have been a
touch enthusiastic
in pursuing my aims.
But don't allow
my failings to...
keep you from supporting
an upright man.
Lady Mallister: Lord Oscar.
we honor the old ways.
as Prince Daemon says
- and the old ways call for justice to be done.
- riverlord: Yes!
Justice has been done.
They who bent the knee to the
usurper have been brought to heel.
And now. we unite
before our liege lord...
and our king consort.
I accept you as my vassal.
Willem Blackwood...
but...
I am Lord Paramount
of all River Houses.
And there is only one
answer for the crimes
you visited upon your neighbors.
I did only what His Grace
the king required of me.
Oscar: It is true that he
made clear his base desires.
but you did not have to
pursue such savagery.
You did it... because
you wanted to.
Our young lord speaks truly.
- Seize him.
- (Riverlords murmuring)
Willem Blackwood:
Don't fuckin' do this.
Your Grace. command them.
I've only served you.
- Command them.
- Oscar: If His Grace wishes
to show contrition for his acts
and to prove himself
deserving of our banners
he must now rectify
his grievous error.
Denounce your crimes...
and dispense justice.
Oh. dear.
♪
(muffled. echoing) No. no. no!
I did as you asked. Your
Grace. I have been faithful.
♪
(music stops)
(wind blowing)
(unsettling music playing)
(goat bleating)
(person breathing heavily)
(music fades out)
(crown clinks)
(Viserys breathing heavily)
What is this?
I never wanted it.
I was right not to.
All that pain it caused.
It crushes whoever wears it.
You always wanted it. Daemon.
Do you want it still?
(high-pitched ringing)
- (Aegon grunting) - Grand
Maester Orwyle: Steady. Slowly.
Aegon Targaryen: I can't.
Orwyle: You can. You
must try. Your Grace.
(Aegon groans)
- (cane snaps. clatters)
- (Aegon wincing. yelling)
I can't. I can't!
(groaning)
I'm sorry. Your Grace.
- (cries) Oh. God. Oh. God.
- (knocking at door)
- (Aegon yells)
- A moment!
- (aggressive knocking)
- A moment. please!
(door opens)
You really oughtn't to be doing
that alone. Grand Maester.
(groaning)
Allow me.
(Aegon panicking)
Aegon: No. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
Forgive me. Your Grace.
(grunting. yelling)
- Orwyle: Be careful.
- Wait. wait.
(yelling)
(Aegon breathing heavily)
Your progress is impressive.
But I'm afraid you
must work harder.
Your strength will return.
There are... adjustments
to the gait and so forth
that you will learn
now that you are...
as you are.
(grunting)
You should be more cautious.
I. I should. Lord Larys.
He-He needs rest.
He should be abed.
I push him on your instruction.
I'll have the sentry
give you more warning.
Let him try again
in a few hours.
He is spent.
(softly) It will be long
before he may rest again.
(Aegon groans)
(indistinct chatter)
Corlys: Alyn.
Alyn of Hull: My lord.
Corlys: I have tasks that
need your personal attention.
The queen requires ships at
her service in King's Landing.
Charter fishing vessels.
Pay whatever they demand
but ensure their
captains are dependable.
- Put trusted swords aboard.
- Yes. m'lord.
Have them wait just
outside the harbor.
And there will be a message
to carry to one she will name.
The queen has found a new
rider for one of her dragons.
I've heard tell of it.
The rider is your brother.
She now makes the
call for others.
Our people are of Old Valyria.
but... we are no dragonlords.
I confess. I knew little
of your mother's heritage.
If it is...
something in the blood.
My brother was ever restless.
yearning for some
sign of his worth.
I am of salt and sea.
I yearn for nothing else.
(wind blowing)
(tense. solemn music playing)
♪
(tense. mischievous
music playing)
(wind blowing)
(panting)
♪
(music fades out)
(ambient nature sounds)
(horse grunting)
I will retire now. Ser Rickard.
When does Your Grace mean
to return to the city?
I'm not yet certain I do.
Good night.
Jacaerys Velaryon: The
lowborn claiming dragons.
was it her idea?
Lady Mysaria?
You were enthusiastic enough
when Ser Steffon made his claim.
He was the Lord Commander
of your Queensguard.
Heir to the Dun Fort.
These people are...
Courageous.
Mongrels.
(Rhaenyra sighs)
Jace.
Think what is at stake.
I know well what is at stake.
House Targaryen is the
blood of the dragon.
If any may lay claim to
it. what are we then?
The rightful rulers
of the Seven Kingdoms.
And what if one of your baseborn.
silver-haired dragonriders
decides he wants to
rule the Seven Kingdoms?
Did the Conqueror's
dream foretell that?
What else would you have me do?
Prosecute a war.
which we will lose.
in which thousands will die.
Or fly against Vhagar myself?
Or perhaps you will fly
against her on Vermax.
Jace. with these riders.
we can end a needless war.
I may take my rightful
place on my father's throne.
Jacaerys: And when you die?
(chuckles) You are my heir.
(inhales)
Did you think I
would have dark hair?
When you took Harwin
Strong into your bed.
did you think I might favor him.
or did it not cross your mind?
- Jacaerys...
- I'm no fool. Mother!
The proof is here
for all to see.
Yet I may argue my
legitimacy to succeed you
because I have a dragon.
And now you say you will
strip that from me too.
I mislike all of
this. (sniffles)
Then don't pursue it.
(light music playing)
But I cannot gainsay
that which the gods
have laid before me.
(light. tense music playing)
(tense music playing)
Do whatever you must to
see that it finds her.
♪
(indistinct chatter)
From the queen.
♪
(singers vocalizing)
Mujja: You won't believe this.
(indistinct chatter)
Word is. Rhaenyra's recruiting
smallfolk to go to
(whispers) Dragonstone.
- Oh. fuck that.
- Oh. they wouldn't take you anyway.
(laughter)
They're looking... for
Targaryen bastards.
Boats leave tonight.
Hour of the bat.
Seven hells. Ulf.
This is it! (laughs)
Yeah. a likely story.
- You've been taken in. lads.
- Mujja: No. no. no. no. no.
The queen's own handmaid is
here. spreadin' the word.
Ulf: Well. that's a shame
'cause I'd have been
first in line if it
wasn't for my injury.
- 'Cause my leg hasn't been the same since...
- Are you touched?
He's saying you
can claim a dragon.
The barkeep from the
Seven Maesters is goin'.
And two of the
girls from Mother's.
- (hushed) A chance to stick it to Aemond.
- And claim a dragon.
- (hushed) Dragon!
- Yeah. no. I know.
- Mujja: What?
- I know. I just... I can't...
I can't be sure it's all true.
You can't mean that
you've been drinkin'
at the expense of all
these. these good people
- for a fiction? No. Ulf.
- No. no. Shh.
All spark and no tinder?
- Mujja: They won't be happy.
- Cley: They'll be very unhappy.
- Never live it down.
- Come on. Ulf. the time has come!
- Mujja: Come on!
Cley: Can I see
a little glimmer?
- Mujja: Where is it?
- There's the Ulf I know.
Mujja: Yes! Yes. there he is!
- Yes. yes!
- Wine! Wine for Ulf the Dragonlord!
- Ulf the Dragonlord!
- (all cheering)
Ulf the Dragonlord!
(all chanting "Ulf")
(Cley laughs)
(fire crackling)
Kat: I don't want you to go.
I have to. Kat.
We'll go to my
brother in Tumbleton.
They'll have food.
You'll find work.
I can't ignore this.
(dog barking outside)
I never knew my father.
That much is true.
But I did know my mother.
(outside chatter)
I hid it from you.
And I'm sorry for that.
(sighs)
She worked...
in a pleasure house.
She was granted more
freedom than most
because of who she was.
And because rich men paid more
to fuck a woman with silver hair.
She used to tell me...
I was no different
to her brother's boys
Viserys... and Daemon.
(Hugh inhales)
But I was ashamed of her.
I tried to make my
way with my own hands.
(solemn music playing)
I could not protect you.
I could not keep our girl alive.
And now...
we would never want again.
If I claimed a dragon...
they'd make you a lady.
♪
I do not care to
be a lady. Hugh.
And neither do I
want to be a widow.
♪
I have to do somethin'.
(tense music playing)
♪
- (music fades out)
- (ambient nature sounds)
(light music playing)
(wind blowing)
♪
(music intensifies)
(music fades out)
(dragonkeeper speaking
High Valyrian)
(speaking High Valyrian)
(nearby dragon growls)
(deep breath)
I used to think I knew what it
was to claim a dragon. but...
I understand now that what
I thought I knew is...
ash in the wind.
Perhaps it is blood.
Or worth.
Or perhaps it's something else.
Each of you... has left behind
a life to answer this call.
A life to which... you
might never return.
If you survive. you
will be transformed.
No man or woman can face
a dragon and be otherwise.
Some of you may welcome
the prospect of change.
even death. given
the alternatives:
privation... starvation. war.
This is our purpose.
to end those hardships.
For you...
for your kin. for all the realm.
With these two dragons
added to our number.
the enemy will have no
choice but to give way.
And peace will be restored...
suffering will be ended.
and without bloodshed...
gods willing.
(nearby dragon growls)
- (tense music playing)
- (deep breath)
The dragon
named Vermithor...
is the largest in the
world after Vhagar.
and... perhaps.
the most fierce.
He's called the Bronze Fury.
♪
We'll go to him now.
And...
may the gods bless you.
♪
(music fades out)
(Rhaenyra speaking
High Valyrian)
(heavy footstep)
(rumbling)
(heavy footsteps)
(Vermithor roars)
(Rhaenyra speaking
High Valyrian)
(screeches)
(Vermithor grumbling)
(Vermithor calms)
(grumbling)
(Vermithor growling)
Who among you would be first?
(all murmuring)
(Vermithor grumbles)
(grumbling)
I have nothing more to tell you.
It must be the
dragon who speaks.
(all murmuring)
(Vermithor grumbling)
(all panicking)
(deep. low growling)
(Vermithor calms)
(panting)
(roars)
(all screaming)
- Your Grace. we must away!
- No.
(screaming)
(grunts)
(roars)
dragonseed: Help me! Help...
Help me!
(tense. solemn music playing)
♪
(Vermithor screeches)
(coughing)
- (Vermithor roars)
- (panting)
Oh. f...
(tense music playing)
- (indistinct yelling)
- (Vermithor screeches)
(panting)
(smallfolk screaming)
- (Hugh panting)
- (smallfolk yelling)
(Vermithor screeches. roars)
(screams)
(grunts)
(smallfolk screaming)
- No!
- Shh. shh. shh!
(both panting)
(smallfolk screaming)
(roars)
(screaming)
(panting)
(smallfolk screaming)
(heavy footsteps)
(Vermithor grumbles)
(screeches)
(roaring)
(grunts)
(grumbling)
(groans)
(smallfolk panicking)
Here! Here I am!
(roaring)
I'm ready.
(yells) Come on!
(heavy breathing)
(Vermithor grumbling)
(Vermithor calms)
♪
(music intensifies)
(music fades out)
(Ulf panting. grunts)
(grunting)
(coughing)
(groans. panting)
(coughs)
(panting)
(dragon growls)
(heavy breathing)
(dragon grumbling)
- (roars)
- (heavy footsteps)
(grumbles)
(Ulf grunting)
(grumbling)
(Silverwing calms)
(panting)
(grunting)
(grumbles)
(exhales)
(laughing)
"Lord Ormund Hightower
makes slow progress.
"There is great
concern that his host
"is threatened on two fronts
by armies allied
with House Beesbury."
(outside chatter)
However. in happier tidings.
Prince Daeron's
dragon. Tessarion.
has at last taken to wing.
Your brother expects
to join the fight soon.
Guard (shouts): Dragon!
Ironrod: And when he does.
the Hightower host
will be unstoppable.
Guard (shouts):
Dragon! Inside! Now!
(indistinct shouting outside)
(tense music playing)
(bells ringing)
guard (shouts):
Take positions!
(guards shouting)
♪
(Silverwing calling)
(yelling)
(yelling. laughing)
♪
- (Aemond grunts)
- (horse neighs)
Open the gates!
(chattering. shouting)
(music fades out)
(intense music playing)
(roars)
♪
(speaking High Valyrian)
(roars)
♪
(dragons roaring)
(music fades out)
(tense music playing)
(singers vocalizing)
♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm